docs: Document setting up Claude in the Assistant (#13765)
zed-industries/zed: docs/src/assistant-panel.md

  ```
5. Restart Zed

## Using Claude 3.5 Sonnet

> You can use Claude with the Zed assistant, [As it is now supported](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed/issues/8914) by Adding the following settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [now](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed/issues/8914) use Claude with the Zed assistant by adding the following settings:
```

```json
"assistant": {
  "version": "1",
  "provider": {
    "default_model": "claude-3-5-sonnet",
    "name": "anthropic"
  }
},
```

> When you save the settings the assistant panel will open and ask you to add your Anthropic API key. Which you need to get from here https://console.anthropic.com/settings/keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you save the settings, the assistant panel will open and ask you to add your Anthropic API key.
You need can obtain this key [here](https://console.anthropic.com/settings/keys).
```

> Even if you pay for Claude pro, you will still have to pay for additional credits to use it via the API. Which you can do here https://console.anthropic.com/settings/plans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if you pay for Claude Pro, you will still have to [pay for additional credits](https://console.anthropic.com/settings/plans) to use it via the API.
```
